Update about.md (#92)
PolyMC/polymc.github.io: src/about.md

  key: About
  order: 3
---
# About PolyMC

PolyMC is a custom launcher for Minecraft that was forked from MultiMC. It allows the creation, and management of multiple installations of the game, or "instances" rather, each having their own separate mods, reasource packs, settings, and more. While originally being forked over packaging/redistribution concerns, PolyMC brings new and exciting features developed by the community for the community. Furthermore, PolyMC is still just as true to its roots as ever in providing a project that vows to never bring hostility to those looking to fork, redistribute, or repackage, so long as the terms of our license are respected. 

## I'm in! Now tell me more about these features?

- Managing multiple, isolated instances of Minecraft.

> - Easy installation of mod loaders, such as  Forge, Fabric, LiteLoader and *Quilt (WIP)*.

Reviewer: Two spaces - "such as  Forge"

> - Easy installation of mod loaders, such as  Forge, Fabric, LiteLoader and *Quilt (WIP)*.

Reviewer 2: Not so WIP at this point, it's going to be in 1.2.0 at this point

Reviewer 2: (this isn't a blocker but just to say)

Author: I'd say it might be worth leaving it for now until quilt is actually implemented in a release build, or we could do something like this? 
```suggestion
- Easy installation of mod loaders, such as  Forge, Fabric, LiteLoader and *Quilt (as of PolyMC 1.2.0)*.
```

- Manage your worlds, resource packs, and shader packs in just a few clicks.
- Install modpacks from many platforms such as Curseforge, Technic, FTB, and *Modrinth (WIP)*.
- Install individual mods from Curseforge and Modrinth, automatically tailored to match your loader and game version.

> - Close Minecraft easily if it crashes or freezes.

Reviewer: How can you close something that already crashed?

> - Simple access to to all your logs.

Reviewer: "to to"

Maybe "Access all your logs easily." to fit the style of the list.

> - PolyMC is built with Qt, allowing it to be both very performant, as well as light on system resources.

Reviewer: I think you should drop the "PolyMC is" part - start the sentence with "Build with Qt" and change the rest to fit.
